Hi, I'm Tems and here are five things you don't know about
my music.
Number one is almost all of my music is freestyles.
It all came from freestyles it's just me freestyling
the whole way through. Number two is that I have cried while
making some of the songs because they were very personal to me...
maybe that was too personal (chuckles) but yeah... it's true.
My favorite city to perform? Right now I don't have a favorite city
to perform. I really want to perform in Paris, I think that might be
life-changing. So I have a song called "Free Mind" and when I was making
that song there's a sample in the beginning that is like... it sounds
like a howl? A lot of people don't know that I sang it into my laptop,
I didn't have a mic when I made that song so I put my laptop speaker
to my mouth and I sang the song sample in. What inspires me most is
the season I am in in life coupled with music that I've heard, people
that I love: Frank Ocean, Asha, Sade. Those are the people that inspire
me and help me in my process.
Interviewer: For you it's a song you made it's a personal thing and then
you start seeing like "Okay this is going to do more than I expected like
when did that moment come for you?"
Libianca: Uhh... the night after I posted the song on Tiktok. I woke up,
you know, my manager--he's my best friend too but - my manager wakes me up
in the morning and is like "Bianca you have to see this... Lib you have to
see this s**t man you have to see-" I'm like "What's going on?" I'm not a
morning person so I'm just I'm already like "C'mon." I wake up and we see
videos being done to the sound already and it's already at 80,000 views
and at that time 80,000 or you know anything higher than 50,000 views
to be honest was something that will come maybe every two weeks or
so from my page. And so that happening I was like "Aaa wow!"
Interviewer: Mhmmm... mhmmm.
and then by the second from there it was just like you refresh
and it's like +10,000 followers and you refresh and it's plus
another 10,000 it's like "Okay." And I just... i just froze I mean I
didn't... I didn't know what to do so...
Diamond Platnumz: So then... I said like... they started calling me
"Diamond Diamond, oh Diamond Diamond" and I was like Diamond in
Swahili you say "Almasi." I said like, on that time I didn't see
anybody calling themself or any artist calling themself Diamond
I said “Why should I use that name?” I start to call myself
“Diamond, Diamond.” You know what I’m saying “”Diamond Plantumz”
Platnumz means swag, means looking fresh, good as… you can see you know…
looking fresh that means Platnumz so “Diamond Platnum,” Diamond
who is looking good 24/7 (laughs).
Interviewer: What do you think is… is is better in terms of
staying passionate or… or or going into the mainstream?
Like how do you balance those two things out especially
right now in your place?
ElGrandeToto: Mmmmm… I don’t give a f**k about mainstream
like if I do something mainstream I do it just because
it’s the vibe... cuz' I got cuz’ I had the vibe to do it.
Interviewer: Okay.
ElGrandeToto: You know I don’t calculate that much.
Interviewer: What about for the check? If the if the check is
right would you do it for the mainstream? If the money’s right?
ElGrandeToto: Mmmmm… like a full album with full mainstream s**t?
Interviewer: I’m talking you get a major comethrough and they supply
you with everything you need but they may have a say in the creative
conversations that happen.
*ElGrandeToto shaking head no*
Interviewer: No deal (chuckles)?
Tyla: Hello guys, I’m Tyla and I’m at PreMagazine
about to take a snack test.
Theme song: They must go crazy…
Tyla: Is this… an ASMR? Aah okay… Mhmmm… So I was born and raised in
Johannesburg, South Africa. Well when I was younger, I always wanted
to be from America. I always was like “Ugh, I wish I was born in America”
just because I used to watch so many YouTube videos of people in America.
Umm… but as I grew up I realized how amazing my childhood was in South African
like the culture, the people, the music, the vibe… so yeah growing up in
South Africa was like the best childhood and I wouldn’t change it for anything.